# A03
Part 1: Directions on Using Webstorm



Part 2: Glossary to include these terms in a bulleted list.

Branch: Typing this alone will show all the branches in our local repo as well as which one we're currently working in.</br>
Clone: If you want to load a separate folder entirely you can clone the specific branch the same way you cloned your repo in the beginning.</br>
Commit:This typically will commit any "added" files to your local repository.</br>
Fetch: Downloads any file from remot repository into your local repo.</br>
GIT: it is a software to check and track of files, specifically when you are developing group project and keeps the track of the fils.</br>
Github: A provider of internet hosting software develpoment and version control using git.</br>
Merge: You can take the independent development lines generated by the git branch and combine them into a single branch using the git merge command.</br>
Merge conflict: Merge disputes arise when conflicting modifications are made to the same file line, or when a file is changed by one individual and the same file is removed by another individual.</br>
Push: To upload local repository content to a remote repository, the git push command is used.</br>
Pull: The git pull command uses a remote repository to retrieve and import material, and automatically updates the local repository to fit that content.</br>
Remote: In Git, a remote is a generic repository that is used by all team members to share their modifications.</br>
Repository: A directory or storage room for your designs to work in. GitHub users often shorten this to "repo."</br>
